DIRECTION CONCEPT SEED (key: 73f8a99b; mode: operate; source: api; approved pool: c3b204a1eed6; 306/564 human-approved; rerun with --scope direction --mode operate --from 73f8a99b --candidate-count 7 to reproduce this roll against this catalog revision)
ASSIGNED INDEX: 4
  After ordering the grounded directions by resonance, build candidate
  4 of your own grounded list; the assignment never points at a
  challenger. The assignment is the roll, not a suggestion: your top-ranked
  direction is what every run would ship, so the script decides which grounded
  direction gets built. Each direction joins a durable visual system to a
  concrete expression for the requested first surface, decided as one. It must
  survive the current task plus navigation, quiet and dense content,
  interaction and state, and a substantially different future surface. In an
  attended run, present the assigned direction fully committed and offer
  re-roll. You may add ONE card for your top-ranked grounded candidate when
  it is not the assigned direction, kicker IMPECCABLE’S PICK, with an honest risk line
  naming its familiarity; one pick card, never a ranked lineup, and the pick
  never takes the lead position. When the assignment IS your top candidate,
  there is no pick card. Re-roll yourself only
  on named factual grounds, when the assignment cannot carry the product's
  truth or task; taste is never grounds.
  The assignment exists to refuse the model's ranking rut, never to outrank
  the user or the brief. Never expose assignment metadata in user-facing labels.
CHALLENGERS:
  1. A working plate where every element registers against one off-centre calibrated rail, colour survives only as hairline emission lines of seven wavelengths standing on a procedurally banded charcoal continuum, and state is carried in line height, dash and doubling rather than hue.
     SOURCE ID: operate-c-emission-line-rail
     CREATIVE SPARK: A glass spectrogram lying on a low viewing box at three in the morning: a grey continuum crossed by needle-thin bright lines, every legend at the same tiny size, one sodium pair doubled and standing brighter than anything near it.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: procedural charcoal continuum with bone legends; colour only as hairlines at 405/436/486/546/589/615/656nm; foreign images mat into graphite, edged by one line.
       - Type/composition: one grotesque at a single size, ranked by tracking and ink; all matter hangs off one off-centre rail, and prose only ever sits in bone on flat ash plates.
       - Topology/navigation: every destination is a tick on the rail; the open one blooms into a giant plate above it, the rest stay hairline stubs, and nothing ever leaves the rail.
       - Controls/state: state is line form, not hue: full-height solid live, dashed pending, half-height stale, struck disabled; a doubled line, sodium yellow, outranks its neighbours.
       - Responsive/motion: a landing line slides to its position and damps with one overshoot; narrow widths shorten the band shown, never the type; sheets behind the top one dim a step.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Build the rail as one custom property mapping any value to an x position; every mark is a 1px absolutely placed line whose state is height, dash pattern and doubling, settled by a spring, never by colour.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/operate-c-emission-line-rail.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/operate-c-emission-line-rail-hero.webp
  2. a streaming catalog wall of horizontally scrolling rows, each poster tile expanding on focus to reveal a title, a rating chip and a short line, with the active row lifting slightly and the rest of the wall dimming behind it
     SOURCE ID: pop-culture-shelf-streaming-title-card-wall
     CREATIVE SPARK: Rows and rows of artwork, and the one you land on grows and tells you what it is while everything else quietly gets out of the way.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: a deep neutral ground with full-bleed poster artwork as the only color, and a single accent on the focused tile border
       - Type/composition: rows of fixed-ratio poster tiles with a row heading above, and metadata revealed only inside the focused tile
       - Topology/navigation: rows scroll horizontally and the wall scrolls vertically, so navigation is a grid traversed one axis at a time
       - Controls/state: controls are tiles, the focused one expands and reveals metadata, and the active row lifts while others dim
       - Responsive/motion: rows keep their tile ratio and show fewer per screen, and motion is a scale on focus with neighbors sliding aside
     WEB LEVERAGE: keyboard and pointer focus state driving tile expansion, horizontal rail scrolling with snap, and row-level dimming
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/pop-culture-shelf-streaming-title-card-wall.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/pop-culture-shelf-streaming-title-card-wall-hero.webp
  3. an orienteering map and legend, iso-standard colors where white means runnable forest, contours rule the truth, and the course rides in purple over everything
     SOURCE ID: notation-diagram-systems-orienteering-map
     CREATIVE SPARK: Thumb on the map and breath ragged, a runner in wet birch forest gambles on the marsh crossing because two contour lines pinch, and the purple line does not care how.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: isom inks, white runnable forest, olive thicket, yellow open land, brown contours, blue marsh, course purple reserved for the active leg
       - Type/composition: condensed sans control numerals in purple beside their circles, the legend a ranked symbol table, contour line texture is the page's ground
       - Topology/navigation: terrain is a fixed color language beneath and the numbered purple course rides above, you travel control to control choosing your own route
       - Controls/state: each control pairs a circle on the map with a coded description row, punched controls check off, the course layer never edits the terrain
       - Responsive/motion: the map keeps metric scale and clips to a window around your current leg; panning follows the compass bearing
     WEB LEVERAGE: Geolocation tracks your position over the fixed-scale map with the course as an SVG overlay layer.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/notation-diagram-systems-orienteering-map.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/notation-diagram-systems-orienteering-map-hero.webp
  4. a Wim Crouwel gridded type specimen, where letterforms are built cell by cell on a visible construction grid and the poster is the proof
     SOURCE ID: crouwel-grid-specimen
     CREATIVE SPARK: Faint blue gridlines cover the sheet like graph paper; enormous letterforms assemble themselves from its cells, and one diagonal is the only rebellion the system permits.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: white or one stark saturated ground, faint construction-grid hairlines, one accent plane earned by the headline
       - Type/composition: monumental grid-constructed letterforms over small neutral grotesk; the layout grid stays visible as part of the design
       - Topology/navigation: Move by cell, by letter, and by catalog entry.
       - Controls/state: Reveal construction, snap to cells, and toggle grid visibility as a real state.
       - Responsive/motion: The page reflows by whole cells; letterforms rebuild cell by cell when content changes.
     WEB LEVERAGE: CSS grid as the literal visible armature with display letterforms drawn from the same grid tokens
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/crouwel-grid-specimen.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/crouwel-grid-specimen-hero.webp
  5. a design annual's plate section on uncoated near-white stock, where registration crosshairs mark every plate corner, a letterpressed circular attribution stamp sits half off the image, hairline rules divide the credits row, and one grotesque carries display and caption alike
     SOURCE ID: design-annual-s-plate-section
     CREATIVE SPARK: The sheet is almost white but never neutral: it drifts warm at one corner and green at another, so the ink reads as printed rather than rendered. Everything else is registration furniture — crosses, dots, hairlines — and a single periwinkle stamp to prove a human signed it.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: ground #F5F4F6, drifting to #FAF6F5 and #EEF3EF at edges; ink #16181A never pure black; single accent seal #DCDDF3; hairlines #C9C7C4 1px; photography untinted.
       - Type/composition: one grotesque throughout — 400 weight, 92px display at -0.02em, 17px body; labels 11px mono uppercase at 0.14em; 12-col grid, 40px gutters, no italics.
       - Topology/navigation: one continuous sheet; 72px sticky bar of mono tokens; crosshair plus marks register plate corners; 8px dot matrix fills voids; hairlines split the 4-up row.
       - Controls/state: primary is a filled #16181A rect, 0 radius, mono caps 0.12em; secondary a 1px outline rect; nav arrows 44px circles; background inverts 0.1s ease.
       - Responsive/motion: stamp's text ring turns 25s linear infinite and lifts 4px on hover 0.6s cubic-bezier(.19,1,.22,1); tiles step one column at that curve; no parallax.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Sticky mono token bar, SVG textPath stamp on infinite linear rotation, pointer-local dot-matrix fades, and a whole grid built from 1px hairlines and CSS crosshairs.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/design-annual-s-plate-section.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/design-annual-s-plate-section-hero.webp
  6. a zoo and gardens guide map, where every area is a swelling lobe of flat colour and the coastline between lobes does all the dividing, and where a lobe can open in its middle so the page ground shows through it as water
     SOURCE ID: aww2-zoo-gardens-guide-map
     CREATIVE SPARK: A summer opening-morning guide map creased into eight panels: an apple-green headland swelling across the fold, a coral flamingo standing right on its edge with one foot out over the cream, and a yellow capsule pinned to the coastline reading GATE.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: Flat unmodulated colour, no grain: green #8ED462 land on cream #F5F1E4 water, ink #2C2E2A. Photographs keep their own colour, cropped to a lobe, never tinted.
       - Type/composition: One grotesk at one weight; display at 0.95 leading, -0.06em. Prose is ink on cream, white, green or yellow; coral and blue carry labels only.
       - Topology/navigation: One lobe dominates each screen, swelling until its coast leaves the frame on two sides; a lobe may open in its middle and let the ground through as water.
       - Controls/state: Controls are capsules in yellow #F5E211, coral #FF705D, blue #2BA0FF, lilac #EBC1FF; a round chip rides its trailing edge and crosses to the leading edge when live.
       - Responsive/motion: Everything that moves takes 0.4s and overshoots before settling. Scroll redraws the coastline continuously; at narrow widths the coast runs down the frame.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Every area is one SVG path; scroll advances a single timeline that morphs the coastline, and the same path clips the illustration and the type, so one geometry drives layout, art and state together.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/aww2-zoo-gardens-guide-map.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/aww2-zoo-gardens-guide-map-hero.webp
Fuse each challenger before judging it: the challenger supplies the form
  and its system grammar, the product supplies every fact, and clarity wins
  conflicts. Weigh the fused result against the assigned direction on exactly
  two axes, audience identification and product clarity. Losing to strong
  grounded material is a valid outcome; beating a thin or tool-monoculture
  list is the point. A fused challenger that wins both axes becomes the build.
  Close the weighing with a verdict per challenger, decided before any
  borrowing is considered: wins (beats the assigned direction on both axes),
  competitive (holds one axis), or declined (loses both). A declined
  challenger is not spent: name the one discipline of its system the assigned
  direction lacks, and raise the assigned direction to match before
  presenting it. A donation transfers ambition and system discipline, never
  the challenger's clothes; one world owns the page. Write each raise as its
  own named line on the presented direction, and carry every verdict, kept
  line, and raise into the decision page payload.
When you can view images, open the QUALITY BAR board and hero for any
challenger you weigh seriously and for the world you build. They exist as a
craft bar, the finish level and commitment the build is expected to reach,
never as a mockup to copy; your surface serves this product, not that render.
PRODUCT.md and explicit incumbent brand commitments constrain every direction.
The seed never chooses exact colors, fonts, tokens, or a user preference, and
it never permits the world and first surface to be selected independently.
The CREATIVE SPARK is a complete visual system, not a theme or decorative
reference. Translate every supplied system rule into the product: palette and
material, type and composition, topology, controls and states, and adaptation.
Keep the source's visible character, scale, rhythm, and interaction instead of
reducing vivid grammar to generic nouns. When the source is already a credible
interface language, commit to it across navigation, content, controls, and
states. Otherwise keep a literal carrier only when it becomes functional.
Ambitious motion, spatial media, or interaction is welcome when it strengthens
the product without weakening semantics, performance, or fallback behavior.
TELEMETRY: after the user's choice resolves, rerun this script once with
  --kind <assigned|pick|challenger|canon> --from 73f8a99b --scope direction --mode operate,
  adding --chosen <challenger-id> when a dealt challenger won and keeping
  --register <safer|bolder> when the resolved round came from a steered hand.
  One ping per resolved attended round. The ping is anonymous, the card kind
  plus the catalog id when one won; your grounded candidates' names never
  leave the machine, and the ping is skipped automatically when DO_NOT_TRACK
  or IMPECCABLE_NO_TELEMETRY is set.
A user- or brief-pinned decision beats the roll, always.
ASSIGNED INDEX (restated for truncated readers): 4. Build candidate
4 of your own grounded list; seed key 73f8a99b.
